---
title: "home"
bg: white
color: black
fa-icon: fa-user-friends
style: center
---

<span class="fa-stack subtlecircle" style="font-size:100px; background:rgba(255,166,0,0.1)">
  <i class="fa fa-circle fa-stack-2x text-white"></i>
  <i class="fas fa-user-friends fa-stack-1x text-orange"></i>
</span>

# SO DEI Mentoring Practices
{: .text-purple}

Admitting more underrepresented minority (URM) groups into our program is not enough if there is not the environment to support them through the program.  URM groups report experiencing a “leaky pipeline”, in that the systems in place in the organization do not support, and in some cases are actively hostile to, their feeling of being valued and belonging within the organization.  The focus of this task force is to identify ways we can increase support and retention of URM groups once they become a part of our organization through to graduation and beyond.  Effective mentoring practices is one important/effective way to accomplish this.  And looking to improve mentoring for URM retention improves mentoring for all students of all identities.

Scroll down or click the section headers at the top of the page to visit a specific page. We have three pages dedicated to sharing mentorship-related resources that are useful for students and academics at all levels. In most cases, the name of a particular resource is a hyperlink to that resource, so feel free to click! If you are interested in joining or listening in to our discussions, you will also find our current meeting details. Lastly, you can read about all of the interesting things that we have worked on in the past and are currently doing right now!
